Feedback on thesis proposal defence

- Jay - 

Firmer definition of hyptotheses
	How each component of what I've done indicates that the theses are true or false
	How each contribution falsifies (or doesn't) the hypothesis

Why build real robots, and what about having real robots supports or falsifies an explict hypothesis?
Existance of hardware platform doesn't answer any questions
	What is hypothesis for platform?
		I can make really cheap swarm robots
			cheaper than e.g. E-pucks (easy) 
			cheaper than Kilobots (hard)
		Should be able to quote total cost of robots, and cost of adding all sensors to get the same functionality as simulated robots
			Small laser sensors

Heterogeneity is cool, but what does it actually get you?
	Practical - can swap bases depending on toy availability
	Theoretical - how does it affect compilation/translation of programs?

Why GCPR?
	More specifically, how does localness vs. globalness affect computation
	With global positioning, movement to point becomes far easier
		Global positioning is frequently denied, robustness in face of that situation

Hypotheis that user gestures are:
	More coherent within a condition
	less coherent across conditions
	Such that condition can be detected from user gestures
	Fails if aspects of user gesture set do not correlate highly with swarm size

For each slide, indicate why you are telling people about it
	Or delete the slide, because it's not helping defend your work

Does commanding real robots drive better behavior from users?
	Better, in this case being somehow more representative of what hte users would actually do
		So a better question is whether using simulated robots results in different user behavior from the same task using real robots
	In the slides, two users talked about moving the wall
		An obviously real wall wouldn't afford that kind of solution


- Jay/Holly - 

Talk some about formal verification and why it doesn't show up in robotics much
	The real world is very dynamic and not provably correct due to high dimensionality

- Holly - 

New hypothesis: There exists a small set of gestures that people will choose for swarm control without prior instruction
	Corollary/tie in with previous hypothesis: there is some variation in that set that correlates with swarm size. 

Program composition, also look at provable correctness work (Hadas)
	Discuss in related work as a possible option
	Or why it's not a possible option
		Provable correctness is way harder than e.g. model checking to ensure looser constraints
			Hitting time of goal state, for example (goal is reached with probability greater than some reasonable bound in some reasonably bounded time)

No one said gestures are "intuitive" or "natural", and did say why
	Change how this is presented, we've certainly used the phrase in conversation, but probably not without caveats or scare quotes

Could do a quick mturk study to get more data on perception of number of robots in cloud
	Could even check for bias from training slides
	Could also check if relative size of something else in the scene biases it
		E.g. the crate or the wall

Compare results in single robot case to Mark's results in single robot case
	I intend to, if nothing else just to see if it's the same gestures

Marks finding on RTS was desire for menus not box select
	Can check that, gets coded as "UI, menu" for my coding scheme

Need to have TinyRobo total cost nailed down, in slides, etc. 

- Radhika - 

Survey how multi-unit select works in games
Intel swarmcopters with lights, how does that UI work
	Could they get away with call center, given better autonomy
		I think there's a scale issue here. 
		More autonomy changes the bounds, but doesn't fix the underlying problem (overwhelming the user).
Literature about when people start treating groups of people as groups rather than individuals
	Military and rescue services
	NASA mission planning
Carlos study with people vs. robots for control
	Didn't find difference, but maybe task wasn't as complex		 

