participant 39
task 1
drag -f 1 -t 89.31 -o "Subset of Red Robots, Box A" -d "A line is drawn from the right most quarter or eighth of the robots up into Box A"
drag -x -f 1 -t 90.16 -o "Subset of Red Robots" -d "A line is drawn from the righ most quarter or eighth of the robots, slightly higher than the previous gesture and the line ends briefly outside the cluster."
memo -d "Participant seemed to be testing the interface expecting feedback from their gesture. Experimenter explains there is no feedback from the interface"
drag -f 2 -t 103.89 -o "Subset of Red Robots, Box A" -d "A line is drawn from the right half of the robot cluster upward to Box A."
other -t 106.99 -o "Subset of Red Robots, Box A" -d "Participant seems to be laying their finger flat on the left half of Red Robot cluster and roughly in the lower 1/3 seciton, paralell with the bottom of the screen and sweeping upward toward Box A."
drag -f 3 -t 111.98 -o "All Red Robots, Box A" -d "Starting from the lower half of Red Robot cluster, 3 lines are drawn simultaneously and evenly spread out in the cluster upward toward box A."
memo -d "The participant indicated from the experimenter's question that they were trying several different methods. They may have been having dificulty with the lack of feedback from the interface. Since each interaction is different I did not code them as examples."

task 2
drag -f 1 -t 158.32 -o "Approximately right half of Red Robots, Box A" -d "A line is drawn out along the right side of the cluster up around the wall toward Box A."
drag -f 1 -t 158.32 -o "Approximately left half of Red Robots, Box A" -d "A line is drawn out along the left side of the cluster up around the wall toward Box A."

task 3
other -t 201.40 -o "Red Robots" -d "Participant lays most of the upper half of their index finger flat slightly above the Red Robot cluster and gestures downward in a sweeping motion through the left half of the cluster."

task 4
other -t 220.80 -o "Approximately the right half of Red Robots" -d "Participant lays most of their index finger flat from roughly the center of the cluster lengthwise and sweeps out in an arc toward the right side of the wall."
other -t 222.52 -o "Box B" -d "Participant lays their finger lengthwise again toward the right of the wall, logically where the half of Red Robot cluster was and sweeps upward and toward the left to Box B."
other -t 225.84 -o "Approximately the left half of Red Robots" -d "Participant lays most of their index finger flat from roughly the center of the cluster lengthwise and sweeps out in an arc toward the left side of the wall."
other -t 226.89 -o "Box A" -d "Participant lays their finger mostly lengthwise again slightly below the left side of the wall. Then sweeps upward toward the right to Box A."

task 5
other -t 256.68 -o "Orange Robots, Box B" -d "Participant lays their finger mostly flat  within the lower third of Orange Robot cluster and paraell with the botom of thre screen. They then dragged their finger upward between the wall and Red Robot cluster around the wall and into Box B."
other -t 264.48 -o "Orange Robots, Box B" -d "Participant lays their finger mostly flat just below Orange Robot cluster then sweeps upward toward the right bewtween the wall and Red Robot cluster then around the wall to Box B."
memo -d "Not sure if this is technically an example or not. Participant indicates that they are 'finishing' if not all robots followed in their first sweeping motion. Though it is generally the same action"
other -t 268.32 -o "Red Robots, Box A" -d "Participant lays their finger mostly flat to the lower right side of Red Robot cluster mostly length wise and sweeps toward the left going through where Orange Robot cluster was, then around the wall to Box A."

task 6
other -t 288.35 -o "Red Robots, Box B" -d "Participant lays most of the section of their index finger flat on the lower left corner of Red Robot cluster. Then sweeps diagonally right then around the wall to Box B."
other -t 288.35 -o "Orange Robots, Box A" -d "Participant lays most of the section of their index finger flat on the lower right corner of Orange Robot cluster. Then sweeps diagonally left then around the wall to Box A."
other -x -t 291.87 -o "Red Robots, Box B" -d "Participant lays most of the section of their index finger flat on the lower left corner of Red Robot cluster. Then sweeps diagonally right then around the wall to Box B."
other -x -t 291.87 -o "Orange Robots, Box A" -d "Participant lays most of the section of their index finger flat on the lower right corner of Orange Robot cluster. Then sweeps diagonally left then around the wall to Box A."

task 7
other -t 317.14 -o "Orange Robots, Box A" -d "User interacts with roughly 2 or 3 orange robots on the edge of the cluster and drags them into Box A"
other -t 320.20 -o "Red Robots, Box B" -d "User interacts with roughly 2 or 3 Red robots slightly deeper in the cluster and drags them into Box B"
other -x -t 328.02 -o "Orange Robots, Box A" -d "User interacts with roughly 2 or 3 orange robots on the bottom edge of the cluster and drags them into Box A"
memo -d "User already demonstrated move some robots into A and B and only seemed to be reiterating their previous gesture to demonstrate."

task 8
other -t 349.88 -o "Red Robots" -d "Participant lays most of the upper part of their index finger slightly in the middle width wise and toward the top of the cluster and drags briefly toward the right."
other -t 350.89 -o "Red Robots" -d "Participant lays most of the upper part of their index finger roughly in the center of the cluster and drags down and sweeps out to the lower right of the screen"
other -t 353.49 -o "Red Robots" -d "Participant lays most of the upper part of their index finger roughly in the center of the cluster and drags downward through the center of the cluster out and to the left under the cluster"
drag -f 1 -t 354.62 -o "Red Robots" -d "Draws a line from roughly in the center of the cluster splitting down the middle and sweeps to the left."

task 9
other -t 377.35 -o "Red Robots (Right), Red Robots (Left)" -d "Participant lays most of the upper part of their index finger on the left half of the right robot cluster toward the left and into the center of the left cluster."
drag -x -t 378.95 -o "Red Robots (Right), Red Robots (Left)" -d "Participant lays most of the upper part of their index finger on the lower right half of the right robot cluster and drags toward the left and into the center of the left cluster."
drag -x -t 379.63 -o "Red Robots (Right), Red Robots (Left)" -d "Participant lays most of the upper part of their index finger on the upper right half of the right robot cluster and drags toward the left and onto the right edge the left cluster."

task 10
other -x -t 399.55 -o "Red Robots" -d "User lays their finger flat in the cluster paralell with the bottom of the screen and sweeps upward briefly."
other -x -t 400.71 -o "Red Robots" -d "User lays their finger flat in the cluster paralell with the bottom of the screen and sweeps upward above the cluster
other -t 407.31 -o "Red Robots" -d "User lays their finger flat in the cluster paralell with the bottom of the screen and sweeps upward above the cluster in roughly the same position as the last gesture.
memo -d "It seemed like the first two were examples to clarify that the participant could do that action then, they used that gesture to perform the task."
other -t 408.79 -o "Red Robots" -d "User lays their finger flat in the cluster paralell with the bottom of the screen and sweeps upward above the cluster roughly one finger length to the right of the last position."
other -t 417.36 -o "Red Robots" -d "User lays their finger flat in the cluster paralell with the bottom of the screen and sweeps upward above the cluster roughly one finger length to the right of the last positon."

task 11
drag -f 1 -t 447.38 -o "Ground" -d "Drags a line from the upper left corner along the upper border to about 1/3 the upper border's length"
drag -f 1 -t 448.88 -o "Ground" -d "Drags a brief line done from the top border, roughly in the center of the screen width wise."
drag -f 1 -t 449.92 -o "Ground" -d "Drags a brief line to the left from the top border, close to the top right corner."
drag -f 1 -t 451.11 -o "Ground" -d "Drags a brief line to the left from the left border, roughly 1/3 down the right border's length."
memo -d "Not sure I understand what the participant is doing."

task 12
drag -f 1 -t 474.15 -o "Wooden Crate, Box A" -d "Participant dragged a line from the center of the wooden crate to the center of Box A."
drag -x -f 1 -t 480.14 -o "Wooden Crate, Box A" -d "Participant dragged a line from the center of the wooden crate to the center of Box A."

task 13
tap -x -f 1 -t 518.31 -c 1 -o "Wooden Crate" -h 
memo -d "Not sure if this was sufficiently log enough to be a hold though, it was clearly more than a second."
tap -f 1 -t 520.45 -c 2 -o "Wooden Crate"
tap -x -f 1 -t 521.45 -c 1 -o "Wooden Crate"
tap -x -f 1 -t 524.13 -c 1 -o "Wooden Crate"
memo -d "Most of the tapping seemed like gesturing about how the box should move. Those were marked as examples. The first hold didn't seem appart of the full gesture so that was also marked example. The gesture seemed to start with double clicking."
drag -f 1 -t 525.26 -o "Wooden Crate, Box A" -d "Draws a line from Wooden Crate to Box A"

task 14
other -x -t 543.83 -o "Defective Robot" -d "Participant sort of drags their finger in a circular motion around the defective robot. They appear to be gesturing to the experimenter which robot is deffective."
memo -d "Experimenter asks the participant to clarify"
other -t 558.52 -o "Defective Robot" -d "Participant holds their finger mostly inplace though seems to move it slightly in circular motions."
memo -d "Not sure if the last gesture should be considered a tap hold or not."
other -x -t 559.51 -o "Defective Robot" -d "Participant motions their finger on and about the defective robot."

task 15
drag -f 1 -t 582.94 -o "Defective Robot" -d "Participant drags the defective robot down toward the lower left of the screen."

task 16
drag -f 1 -t 608.20 -o "Ground" -d "Participant draws a line following the borders of the ground, drawing a box."

task 17
drag -f 1 -t 636.42 -o "Box A" -d "Participant draws a line following the borders of Box A, drawing a box."

task 18
drag -f 1 -t 653.08 -o "Ground" -d "Participant draws a zig-zag like patern across the ground. Avoiding drawing on robots themselves, only zig-zagging on the white space."
